this is thomas trap master shorts a
width and the coal truck it was
beautiful day on the solar and what was
up with who's on his way to deliver the
coal truck
turn the Freak are uncoupled the whole
time ring it the truck the coal truck
ran away as fast as I could I'm going on
I'm going on call the track throw some
Chuck still on package on station pardon
it sold out for me to school soon other
station it was too late waiter on live
had with her to reverse off with it then
he went that to the coal truck but it
was a long way
lift up everything every place that
afraid first the junction this station
Harvey Tran with all the new stations
another doctor yellow station racing
round the bends black white and the
place where the freight car was this is
all our fault his driver said all gets
the needs of help to get the route mr.
parcel I let me very annoyed see you
next time on the next Thomas Trackmaster
shorts episode